README.md, before:

# FoodFlow

[![CI/CD Pipeline](https://github.com/alexisprovost/foodflow/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/alexisprovost/foodflow/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml)

![FoodFlow App](https://img.sshort.net/i/h5uF.jpeg)

## Experience convenience at its finest with FoodFlow

FoodFlow is a web app designed to streamline the buying and selling of snacks and products among team members within an organization. Users can list items for sale, which their colleagues can then purchase. Sellers receive the proceeds to restock and offer more items on the platform. Upon completing a transaction, buyers are provided with a confirmation via an invoice, email, or QR code. Detailed information on item collection, such as office locations, is also included to ensure a seamless and efficient process.

## API Documentation

[https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/26616031/2s93RRvYjD](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/26616031/2s93RRvYjD)

## How to run it

1. To ensure proper execution of this project, it is necessary to create an .env file using the provided template. In the dev directory you'll see a file called .env.template. Rename the file to .env and set the correct values in it.

```env
POSTGRES_USER="CHANGE_THIS_DB_USER"
POSTGRES_PASSWORD="CHANGE_THIS_DB_USER_PASS"
POSTGRES_DB="CHANGE_THIS_DB_NAME"
JWT_SECRET="CHANGE_THIS_JWT_SECRET"
REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET="CHANGE_THIS_JWT_REFRESH_SECRET"
MAILGUN_API_KEY="CHANGE_THIS_APIKEY"
MAILGUN_DOMAIN="CHANGE_THIS_MAILGUN_DOMAIN"
ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRES="3600"
REFRESH_TOKEN_EXPIRES="604800"
```

tip. you can use this command to generate jwt secrets [Source](https://mojitocoder.medium.com/generate-a-random-jwt-secret-22a89e8be00d)

```bash
node -e "console.log(require('crypto').randomBytes(32).toString('hex'))"
```

2. To launch the project with Docker, use the docker-compose.yml file for the production version. For the development version, use the docker-compose.dev.yml file. Run these commands in the ./dev folder

development

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml up
```

to stop use
```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml down --remove-orphans
```

#### Tips

When the node js packages changes. You need to run this command to rebuild the docker image with the updated packages in it.

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml build
```

## Authors

FoodFlow was created by [Thomas](https://github.com/Thomkiller) and [Alexis](https://github.com/alexisprovost).

Commit message:

Secured routes with role checking

README.md, after:

# FoodFlow

[![CI/CD Pipeline](https://github.com/alexisprovost/foodflow/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/alexisprovost/foodflow/actions/workflows/ci-cd.yml)

![FoodFlow App](https://img.sshort.net/i/h5uF.jpeg)

## Experience convenience at its finest with FoodFlow

FoodFlow is a web app designed to streamline the buying and selling of snacks and products among team members within an organization. Users can list items for sale, which their colleagues can then purchase. Sellers receive the proceeds to restock and offer more items on the platform. Upon completing a transaction, buyers are provided with a confirmation via an invoice, email, or QR code. Detailed information on item collection, such as office locations, is also included to ensure a seamless and efficient process.

## API Documentation

[https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/26616031/2s93RRvYjD](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/26616031/2s93RRvYjD)

## How to run it

1. To ensure proper execution of this project, it is necessary to create an .env file using the provided template. In the dev directory you'll see a file called .env.template. Rename the file to .env and set the correct values in it.

```env
POSTGRES_USER="CHANGE_THIS_DB_USER"
POSTGRES_PASSWORD="CHANGE_THIS_DB_USER_PASS"
POSTGRES_DB="CHANGE_THIS_DB_NAME"
JWT_SECRET="CHANGE_THIS_JWT_SECRET"
REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET="CHANGE_THIS_JWT_REFRESH_SECRET"
MAILGUN_API_KEY="CHANGE_THIS_APIKEY"
MAILGUN_DOMAIN="CHANGE_THIS_MAILGUN_DOMAIN"
ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRES="3600"
REFRESH_TOKEN_EXPIRES="604800"
```

tip. you can use this command to generate jwt secrets [Source](https://mojitocoder.medium.com/generate-a-random-jwt-secret-22a89e8be00d)

```bash
node -e "console.log(require('crypto').randomBytes(32).toString('hex'))"
```

2. To launch the project with Docker, use the docker-compose.yml file for the production version. For the development version, use the docker-compose.dev.yml file. Run these commands in the ./dev folder

development

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml up
```

to stop use
```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml down --remove-orphans
```

You can access /api/1/setup/add-samples with a get request to insert sample products into the database.

#### Tips

When the node js packages changes. You need to run this command to rebuild the docker image with the updated packages in it.

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml build
```

## Authors

FoodFlow was created by [Thomas](https://github.com/Thomkiller) and [Alexis](https://github.com/alexisprovost).
